Passing Criterion for this project:

Part 1 score should be grater than 7

Part 2 score should be greater than 0.50

Note : Part 2 passing score is different for each project


Part 1

Part 1 of the project contains a quiz which is present in the section 'submit your part 1 solution here'. There are 10 questions of 1 mark each and you need to score atleast 7 out of 10 in order to pass the quiz i.e. to pass part 1 of the project.






Part 2

Part backorders is a common supply chain problem. Working to identify parts at risk of backorder before the event occurs so the business has time to react. Data file contains the historical data for the 8 weeks prior to the week we are trying to predict. The data was taken as weekly snapshots at the start of each week.

went_on_backorder - Product actually went on backorder or not. This is the target value.

We have given you two datasets , product_train.csv and product_test.csv . You need to use data product_train to build predictive model for response variable ‘went_on_backorder’. product_test data contains all other factors except ‘went_on_backorder’, you need to predict that using the model that you developed and submit your predicted values in a csv files.

You have to submit the response as hard classes (Yes or No)

Evaluation Criterion : KS score on test data.



Please read through the points given below before you begin :

1. Score will be calculated as score = 1-(0.025/KS) . For passing your score should be greater than 0.50

2. You are NOT required to submit R script. However in some cases , we might ask you to send your script separately in order to verify that your submissions is a result of models that you built .

3. you can submit as many times as you want, we'll put best score obtained on the respective leader board. 

4. Your predictions should not contain any NA values.

5. You are are free to use any predictive modelling technique

Feel free to take to QA forum for this specific project for any clarifications. you will find this under the same tab

